The Truth About Learning Build and Maintain a Healthy Brain
1 When humans are born their cerebral cortexes are similar
2 Research in neuroscience has revealed two facts 1 At
birth the brain and body are in a state of
potential development 2 At birth the brain is already equipped
with enough models and mechanisms 3 Development promotes learning and
learning promotes development 4 Brain-building means constructing one's own cer-
ebral
cortex 5 Ultimately a person's performance depends only on the
length and quality of their learning 6 Time value =
time length x time quality 7 To successfully build the
brain it is important to continuously keep the brain healthy
8 Everything we do in our lives happens in the
cerebral cortex and our time should be spent building a
larger cerebral cortex 9 We also need to exercise and
maintain its health